
LOGIN           NAME            AVATAR          RACE           
--------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
agnetha         Sarah           Flit            faerie         
agnetha         Sarah           Flutter Shy     faerie         
agnetha         Sarah           Whisp           faerie         
astral          Jessie          Elphaba         wizard         
astral          Jessie          Lightning       raccoon        
bobby           Robert          Smiley          shark          
bobby           Robert          Steve           wizard         
bobby           Robert          Wayne           footballer     
cait            Caitlin         Cait            raccoon        
carter          Lucy            Belle           shark          
carter          Lucy            Lucille         footballer     
carter          Lucy            Tony            faerie         
cash            Thomas          Barack          wizard         
cash            Thomas          Roads           raccoon        
coder           Jeff            Ellis           faerie         
coder           Jeff            Pele            footballer     
coder           Jeff            Rhonda          raccoon        
dazzle          Alice           Beckham         footballer     
dazzle          Alice           Landshark       shark          
dazzle          Alice           Tinks           faerie         
dougy           Douglas         Wayne           footballer     
dougy           Douglas         Zounds          wizard         
growley         Franck          Gandalf         wizard         
growley         Franck          Rocky           raccoon        
hazard          Robert          Incisor         shark          
hazard          Robert          Robby           wizard         
hazard          Robert          Toothless       shark          
hills           Hillary         Fluffs          raccoon        
hills           Hillary         Ged             wizard         
hills           Hillary         Razor           shark          
horton          Aaron           Dumbledore      wizard         
horton          Aaron           Hops            raccoon        
horton          Aaron           Zinedine        footballer     
indigo          Annie           Harry           wizard         
indigo          Annie           Masako          raccoon        
json            Jason           Andrea          faerie         
json            Jason           Stills          faerie         
json            Jason           Tracy           shark          
lioness         Margot          Donatella       shark          
lioness         Margot          Pilot           faerie         
lurker          Mark            Mousey          raccoon        
macho           Tony            Bash            wizard         
macho           Tony            Kawaii          faerie         
macho           Tony            Scream          shark          
ollie           Oliver          Ralf            raccoon        
ollie           Oliver          Tooth           shark          
pirate          Johnny          Romeo           raccoon        
pirate          Johnny          Ronaldo         footballer     
pirate          Johnny          Snaps           shark          
skills          Cathy           Blue Ant        wizard         
skills          Cathy           Haks            footballer     
skills          Cathy           Martian         shark          
snek            Sammy           Sigil           raccoon        
snek            Sammy           Snores          raccoon        
storm           Felicia         Beyonce         faerie         
storm           Felicia         Lazarus         wizard         
storm           Felicia         Nibbles         shark          
surfette        Zeripha         Mia             footballer     
surfette        Zeripha         Zerf            faerie         
thedba          Harriet         Hermione        wizard         
thedba          Harriet         Le Fay          faerie         
thedba          Harriet         Rhapsody        raccoon        
thedba          Harriet         Sandra Dee      shark          
thedba          Harriet         Solo            footballer     
thesix          Drake           Beckham         footballer     
thesix          Drake           Sweetiepie      faerie         
thunder         Leo             Gareth          footballer     
thunder         Leo             Lara            raccoon        
thunder         Leo             Zlatan          footballer     
tizdale         Wanda           Dinks           faerie         
tizdale         Wanda           Frenzy          shark          
tizdale         Wanda           Ged             wizard         
trudie          Lisa            Bonk            shark          
trudie          Lisa            Reni            raccoon        
whisper         Lyda            Fiona           faerie         
whisper         Lyda            Fred            faerie         
zedster         Quenton         Horatio         raccoon        
zedster         Quenton         Marvin          wizard         
zoood           Daena           Sherlock        shark          
zoood           Daena           Smiley          shark          

  80 record(s) selected.
